SK-Go Enclosure

The enclosure step files have been sized specifically to match the dimensions of my SK-Go as built. There are some places
where the dimensions of the SK-Go build can vary according to the builder's preference.

The holes can be CNC'd with 1/8" mill bit. I CNC'd the large parts with a 1/4" mill bit. There are four corners with half
dogbone holes to allow the parts to mate squarely and these can be milled with 1/8" mill bits. 

1. The height of the lower horizontal extrusions. On my SK-Go the horizontal extrusions are 20mm above Z=0 (the table the
printer is on) if the plastic pads/feet are included. 16mm to the bottom of the vertically oriented extrusions if the 
pads/feet are not fitted. The design should support some small variation (approx +/- 2mm) to this height.

2. The z motor location is not completely fixed. It will be easiest to measure exactly where your z motor is located on 
the x and y plane and move the hole in the step file accomodating the bracket and the motor to match. Otherwise you may
have to move the motor on the cross bar extrusion (not too bad, but best avoided if you have everything working well already.)
Or worse, if you didn't follow the precise y positioning for the crossbar, move the cross bar extrusion itself (big job!)

3. Corner brackets are also included that can be used to connect the sheets at the top of the encolsure. However the .step
file does not include the holes for fixing these in place. Consider adding the holes if you are going to use the brackets
in place of glue. I used the brackets because I buit my enclosure out of Polycarbonate, which supports higher temperatures
without warping. Epoxy based Polycarbonate glues don't support the same temperatures and didn't fancy using 
Methylene Chloride to fuse the sheets as I was worried about getting it wrong and spoiling the parts. You may feel more
confident in success than me. If successful Methylene Chloride probably gives the best result. Indeed now the brackets are 
in place they provide the perfect jig for keeping the parts correctly oriented and "clamped" for the fusing to succeed.

4. Hinges. The hinge hole spacing matches the hinges that can be found here:

https://ooznest.co.uk/product/folding-hinge/

Note if the rails are fixed in stopper position A there will be room for a filament spool placed at the rear of the print
bed within the printer enclosure. Nice!

Enjoy!

Paul Lancefield
